But terrible place for water.
Oh Lord, I've seen the water going in there, terrible.
Oh, heaven's sake.
I went down, I was the first to lower the coal-cutting machine down at Brom.
And the man said to me, when you come down after nurse, you'll go.
So I could walk down, he said, just 14 inches in the yard slope.
So you were 14 inches deeper there than you were at the first yard, you know, a yard road.
So I walked down now and I said, well, well, well.
There was a voice, they were trying to get this wind thing off.
Sheets were going to get in there now, that are propped up against the top.
When the water was coming down on them, and they were laying it, they were laying it like ducks.
And the water was running in here through the neck of their shirt, and was running out through the leg of their clothes.
In the river.
Now there was a state to the man.
It was, it was so wet.
I'd been coming home with a man on a frosty morning.
On the push bike.
Going up across, Kingsborough coming, now you come that way today.
We were making this new roundabout and you'd only be able to come that way from Brom.
This fellow living in Saundersfoot, and we'd be coming along peddling.
Hard frost, freezing.
And all of a sudden, a couple of ones said, and his leg would go to him.
He was frozen on his legs.